Mentioning that we need screenshots on PRs (#463)
unlock-protocol/unlock: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. Do include relevant issue numbers in the description
3. Include a concise, specific description of the complete pull request in the description
4. Take care to exclude project workspace files and other collateral unnecessary to this project 

> 5. Think about adding screenshot (either complete or partial) for any change which has a visual impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add a screenshot (either complete or partial) for any change which has a visual impact.
```

Reviewer: ^ Correcting both grammar and making it more forceful - we've made it a norm to include screenshots in PRs with a visual impact.
